README.md, before:

# Player Utility
Player Utility, A single Player Mod, which you allow to enhance your player skills, spawn your favorite vehicle, categorized weapon section, and lot's of features that will make your gaming fun better.

**Here are the features of Player Utility Mod Ver 1.0:**
1. Increase Health
2. Equip Armor
3. Become Most Wanted
4. Reset Wanted Level
5. Set Weather
6. Weapons
7. Spawn Bike
8. Spawn Vehicle
9. Teleport the Player
10. Cash
11. Vehicle Customization (WIP)
12. BodyGuard Menu (WIP) - But working fine.

**Short description of some features:**
1. In the Weapon section, there are eight types of weapons available to use.
2. In the Bike spawn Section, you will have 47 varieties of bikes to use.
3. In the Weather Section, you can change the weather in 12 ways.
4. In the Teleport Section, 97 locations are available to teleport
5. In the vehicle customization, for now, only two options available first is to color change (contains 95 combinations), and the second option is to fix the vehicle damage.
6. In the vehicle spawn section, there are 409 vehicles and arranged in 16 Sections. 
7. Bodyguard Section, currently one option is available to 'Spawn Ped' in the game with an assault Rifle and full accuracy and armor rate.

**Instructions and some prerequisite to use Mod:**

Prerequisite: 
Install "ScriptHookVDotNet2.dll" in the game folder and "NativeUI.dll" in the script folder.
Install "PlayerUtility.dll" in the script folder.

To use:
Press "B" to open the Menu.

Note: This Project is under development right now, and lots of functionalities will come to incoming updates. 

To get more updates on Player Utility, Please stay connected.

Player Utility is officially available on:
https://www.gta5-mods.com/scripts/player-utility-himanshukanojiya

Commit message:

Updated the description for new changes

README.md, after:

# Player Utility
Player Utility, A single Player Mod, which you allow to enhance your player skills, spawn your favorite vehicle, categorized weapon section, and lot's of features that will make your gaming fun better.

**Changes in Version 1.1:**
1. Added Teleport to Waypoint Option.
2. Added the Pool in the script so that whatever changes you do on bodyguards will be implemented to all.
3. Added 3 Firing Patterns in bodyguard Firing Pattern Options (Full Auto, Burst In Cover, Burst Fire Rifle.
4. Auto removal function to delete dead bodyguards.
5. 8 more peds added in the bodyguard spawn ped option.

**Here are the features of Player Utility Mod Ver 1.0:**
1. Increase Health
2. Equip Armor
3. Become Most Wanted
4. Reset Wanted Level
5. Set Weather
6. Weapons
7. Spawn Bike
8. Spawn Vehicle
9. Teleport the Player
10. Cash
11. Vehicle Customization (WIP)
12. BodyGuard Menu (WIP) - But working fine.

**Short description of some features:**
1. In the Weapon section, there are eight types of weapons available to use.
2. In the Bike spawn Section, you will have 47 varieties of bikes to use.
3. In the Weather Section, you can change the weather in 12 ways.
4. In the Teleport Section, 97 locations are available to teleport
5. In the vehicle customization, for now, only two options available first is to color change (contains 95 combinations), and the second option is to fix the vehicle damage.
6. In the vehicle spawn section, there are 409 vehicles and arranged in 16 Sections. 
7. Bodyguard Section, currently one option is available to 'Spawn Ped' in the game with an assault Rifle and full accuracy and armor rate.

**Instructions and some prerequisite to use Mod:**

Prerequisite: 
Install "ScriptHookVDotNet2.dll" in the game folder and "NativeUI.dll" in the script folder.
Install "PlayerUtility.dll" in the script folder.

To use:
Press "B" to open the Menu.

Note: This Project is under development right now, and lots of functionalities will come to incoming updates. 

To get more updates on Player Utility, Please stay connected.

Player Utility is officially available on:
https://www.gta5-mods.com/scripts/player-utility-himanshukanojiya
